Fix CAPI example (#4018)
kubernetes/autoscaler: cluster-autoscaler/cloudprovider/clusterapi/README.md

```
export AUTOSCALER_NS=kube-system
export AUTOSCALER_IMAGE=us.gcr.io/k8s-artifacts-prod/autoscaling/cluster-autoscaler:v1.20.0
envsubst < examples/deployment.yaml | kubectl apply -f-
```

> 
> <aside class="note">
> 
> <h1> Note </h1>
> 
> The `cluster-autoscaler-management` role for accessing cluster api scalable resources is scoped to `ClusterRole`.
> This may not be ideal for all environments (eg. Multi tenant environments).
> In such cases, it is recommended to scope it to a `Role` mapped to a specific namespace.
> 
> </aside>

Reviewer: i would prefer not to use html here, i'm happy if you just make a level 3 header for the note, eg
```suggestion

### A note on permissions

The `cluster-autoscaler-management` role for accessing cluster api scalable resources is scoped to `ClusterRole`.
This may not be ideal for all environments (eg. Multi tenant environments).
In such cases, it is recommended to scope it to a `Role` mapped to a specific namespace.
```

export AUTOSCALER_IMAGE=us.gcr.io/k8s-artifacts-prod/autoscaling/cluster-autoscaler:v1.20.0
envsubst < examples/deployment.yaml | kubectl apply -f-
```

`AUTOSCALER_NS` is the namespace in which cluster autoscaler is deployed.
`CAPI_NS` is the namespace in which cluster api scalable resources are deployed.

> Typically in a multi tenant setup, each tenant will have it's scalable resources deployed in a separate namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Typically in a multi-tenant setup, each tenant will have its scalable resources deployed in a separate namespace.
```
